.TH "dpl_types.h" 3 "8 Apr 2008" "Version Version 1.0" "libdpl" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dpl_types.h \- Global variable and type definitions. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <mpi.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'dpl_thread.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBdpl_tree_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDPL tree structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBdpl_group_internal_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDPL group cache structure. Intended for internal use. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBdpl_cache_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDPL cache structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBdpl_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDPL master structure. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDPL_RANK_MASTER\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIMPI Rank of the master process (usually 0). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDPL_STANDARD\fP   0x00000"
.br
.RI "\fIDPL standard use flag defined for completeness. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDPL_USE_CACHE\fP   0x00001"
.br
.RI "\fIDPL cache flag. Turns on cache speedup optimizations. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDPL_HEARTBEAT\fP   0x00002"
.br
.RI "\fIDPL heartbeat flag. Turns on fork process which moniters nodes via a ping. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDPL_ONLYSLAVES\fP   0x00004"
.br
.RI "\fIDPL slave flag. Specifies a configuration where, by default, DPL_RANK_MASTER is the only root and the rest of the processes are slave nodes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDPL_USE_DEBUG\fP   0x00008"
.br
.RI "\fIDPL debug flag. Turns on debugging information. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDPL_NO_TREE\fP   0x00010"
.br
.RI "\fIDPL no tree flag. Does not parse a treefile (treefile can be passed to init as NULL). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDPL_HYPERTHREADING\fP   0"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef char *** \fBdpl_prepared\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIproprietary type for sending distributed data \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Global variable and type definitions. 

The Distributed Performance Library uses a tree structure to keep track of the duties and identities of each process. This information can be dynamically changing to perform seperate parallel operations. A cache of the tree is available, at the cost of machine memory, to speed up calculations involving tree traversal and lookup. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define DPL_HYPERTHREADING   0"
.PP
If your computer uses hyperthreading and you would like to expand the library to treat each hyperthread as a seperate core, set this to your splitting number
.PP
NOTE: This should only be used if you know exactly what you are doing 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libdpl from the source code.
